[Music]
after sahi baby or gangster director
thick Manchus ouya once again comes out
with a compelling phone this one's a
biopic on India's forgotten athlete
Paan Singh Tomar based on the jealous
story
the third starts with the noblest
journalist be Jane Rock Allah
approaching bouncing ill found Khan for
an interview pawn single it's the life
story in a flashback we see how a young
fresh army recruit in no time becomes a
national champion in the steeplechase
race however he is forced to take
premature retirement from the army when
his family in his village is threatened
and unjustly treated when the law fails
to get him justice he picks up the grant
himself and goes on to become one of the
most feared dacoits of jumba's fan Singh
Tomar shows the journey of a simple man
and how circumstances and situations
fault him to turn into a dacoit
the director has got almost everything
right the story the screenplay the
dialogue the mood and last but not least
the casting the film comes across as a
well-researched one and no doubt shows
all the painstaking efforts by the
makers of the film while the first half
of the film is flawless the second half
unfortunately doesn't manage to match up
to it the food gets a bit slow in the
second half apart from the story in
narrative it's the performance of the
font on that mesmerizes you and leave
you speechless he easily exceeds the
role of an innocent army recruit and
then of a feared record he gracefully
and quite effortlessly shows the two
different phases of the life one of the
20-plus man and the other of a 50 plus
man he is flawless
if barney is bouncing with just the
right amount of innocence Indian
d and dignity he is the reason why
pantsing never stops being and below its
bigger mahi girls earthy sensuality
helps elevate her already good
performance the end credits of Bhan
Singh Tomar pay tribute to the forgotten
sporting heroes of India who died
penniless and unthread for pantsing
would have also been one of those had he
not picked up the gun luleå makes his
point and manages to entertain - overall
Paan Singh Tomar is a must watch movie
which is held up by a remarkable
performance from Irfan Khan we add value
with backstage give pass sing comers 4
stars out of 5
[Music]